My name is
Shake-Zula
The Mic Ruler
The Old-Schooler
You want to trip?
I'll bring it to you.
Frylock, and I'll on top
rock you like a cop
Meatwad, you're up next
with your knock-knock.
Meatwad make the money, see?
Meatwad get the honeys, g.
Drivin' in my car
livin' like a star
ice on my fingers and my toes
and I'm a Taurus.
Check-check it
yeah.
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
make the homeys say, "ho!"
And the girlies want to scream.
'Cause we are the Aqua Teens
make the homeys say, "ho!"
And the girlies want to scream
Aqua Teen Hunger Force.
Number One in the hood, g.
Marty.
[electric guitar playing]
Ya! Look at him rip.
His fingers go from A-sharp
in a second!
Skeletal boardwalks
across the ocean.
Now you try.
Whoa. Hold on.
I got to get plugged in.
Hey, where's the plug-in part?
Back from the beginning, please.
[videotape rewinding]
[playing electric guitar]
Um...Rewind again.
[videotape rewinding]
[playing electric guitar]
Damn it! I'm so close.
Take it back one more time.
You missed the first half
of the first note.
...You're a dick.
[plays note]
Yeah! This is how you do it.
Can you all keep it
down, please?
Shut up, and listen to
the wail of my banshee fingers.
[playing electric guitar]
What are you making?
A time machine.
That's dumb.
Really?
Yes.
Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants,
have you ever gone back in time?
I farted my way
out of an elevator.
That's not the same thing.
What's that thing
on your face?
Huh? Oh. Probably
a zit or something.
Well, look, I'm no doctor,
but that right there
looks like a...Melanoma.
Well, it does kind of--
Beef Bologna.
Will you get out of here?!
Damn it!
I'm hitting the notes.
You know, it's the guitar.
give me that.
[playing riffs]
No. Now, this action is good.
I think the problem
is your hands.
You've got some baby hands.
This is totally
going to work.
Ok. I'm inside, and I got
the doors and windows closed.
Go on and do it.
Roger that.
Ooh...
How's that feel?
Ow! I can feel it
getting bigger.
They look like
they're getting you
in the eyeballs, too.
Well...I know that.
Ow! If I rip any solos
with my eyeballs,
I'm going to need the bees
to enlarge them.
Otherwise, I'd get on stage
and look like a big asshole,
and I am not that.
Uh!
Shake! Shake!
Are you all right?
I've never been better.
Whoa. What's up
with that face, man?
Nothing. What do you mean?
You tried to cover it up
with makeup, like a girl.
Can you tell? Really?
Yeah. You look like...
[clears throat]
You ought to get
that thing checked out.
Every year, I get me a physical.
Oh, really?
And who's your doctor?
Dr. John.
Olivia Newton John.
? I get a physical, physical ?
On your face, boy
on your face ?
Please. Look, he's
just playing around.
But I'm serious.
You will soon be paying
to see me in a concert!
I'm going to be
honest with you.
I don't like the look
of this at all.
So it's not an ingrown hair?
Oh, no, no.
It's irregular, which means some
sort of sun damage probably.
Really?
We'll biopsy it and have some
results for you within the week.
I mean, it's probably
nothing, right?
Well...Let's hope not.
Magazine war!
"Better Homes
and Garden, one."
Foul!
Eat my "Redbook!"
Better Homes and Garden, 2."
Hey! There he is.
There's the man.
This guy's got the biggest
genital warts I've ever
seen in my life.
Would you stop it, Shake?
I am not in the mood
for this, ok?
That's it.
Now, who wants to make history
and go back in time?
Yeah. We're busy.
Eat it.
You eat it.
You can meet
President Lincoln.
Lincoln is dead.
I'll eat it...
If you eat it.
All right. Deal.
Wait a minute.
How are you going to eat it
after I eat it?
Look, you eat it.
Then I'll go back in time
to before the time
when you eat it.
Then I'll eat it.
Ok.
[gulp]
[telephone rings]
Hello.
Oh. Oh, hey, doc.
[choking]
Really?
It's stuck in the back
of my throat.
Ok. Well, it can
be cut out, right?
Additional treatment? Uh-huh.
[choking continues]
Oh, uh...Chemotherapy. Ok.
Thank you.
What did your doctor say?
He says I have cancer.
Well, did you tell him
that you don't?
Meatwad, I'm afraid
it doesn't work that way.
What's wrong with him?
He's dead.
Dumb-ass ate a scorpion.
So when will you find out
about the blood test?
it won't be for another week,
but you're looking good.
You're looking good.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Thanks.
Stay strong, ok?
We'll see you on Tuesday.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's coming! He's coming!
Turn off the lights!
We didn't pay
no electric bill.
Perfect. Shh. Shh. Quiet.
Surprise!
? Party, party, party
I want to have a party ?
All right. Andrew W.K.
Live in our living room.
? You gotta party hearty
I'm gonna have a party
and everyone will come
party, party, party
the party's getting started
I know what kind of party-- ?
[door slams]
Oh, God. He looks
like he's dead already.
Thanks, Carl.
Appreciate that.
I think the problem
was the song.
You got any other...You know,
happier songs about partying?
? Party, party, party ?
Hey! Let's party!
Let's have a party tonight!
Will you get out of here?
[coughing]
Look, my doctor says
I need to get as much
rest as possible, ok?
Yeah. Hey.
Get the funk outta here!
And I am now leaving as well.
What are we gonna do if...
What if Frylock dies?
Don't say that.
Don't you ever say that.
Don't you understand?
He's in this all by himself.
He needs for us
to be strong for him.
And we need him to know
that we are going to be
right by his side
through this till the end.
I just don't know
what I would do.
Come here. He'll be fine.
He's going to be fine.
He always did so much for me.
I can't be here right now.
Wait. I have an idea.
Gentlemen, we have
a time machine, and this is
the key to Frylock's health.
We can break it apart,
light it on fire,
and smoke the Cancer out.
But don't smoking,
like, cause Cancer?
That has never been proven.
Do whatever
the hell you want.
I don't care.
Frylock, you come back.
I must cure you.
Damn it!
Guys, I'm not supposed to
be out in the sun.
I know, buddy.
But, uh...Well...
I could...I mean,
I could blow up the sun.
That's it!
I will blow up the sun!
Where are you going?
[coughing deeply]
I really appreciate you
letting me stay here
for a while, Carl.
Yeah. No problem.
Anything, really.
When...How long did they--
did they say you had?
They don't know.
I supposed to meet
with my doctor today.
Sometime this month
you think, or...
I don't know, Carl.
Probably. So definitely
probably not this week?
Just ballpark it for me.
I don't know.
[coughing]
You're not like...
Wiping Cancer all over
my couch, right?
You know, you really don't
have to wear that.
I know that.
I figure, you know,
I got house guests, so...
A good idea to keep
the pants on.
Don't want to embarrass you
'cause I got that big baby arm
clutching an apple. Ha ha ha!
Hanging low!
Give us a sausage! Ha ha ha!
Ok. Comedy doesn't work today.
Hey, time to destroy
the sun right now, buddy,
and it's all for you, baby.
Frylock forever!
Light it up, Meatwad!
I already done it,
like, 5 minutes ago.
I need my goggles!
I need my U.V. Ray goggles!
[boom]
Well, we got
your blood work back.
And?
No apparent trace of Cancer
in the lymph nodes.
Oh, God, thank you.
You have no idea
how great that is to hear.
But, uh...Listen. Aliens.
What?
Yeah. The aliens are coming
for us, you and I.
That's why we must
merge as one together
to defeat them and their lasers.
Hello? Mr. Lock?
Well, we got your
bloodwork back.
And?
No apparent trace
of Cancer in the lymph nodes.
Oh, God. Thank you.
You have no idea how great
that is to hear.
But listen...
I want you to stay out
of the sun, plenty of rest,
and I want to schedule another
visit for you in 2 months.
All right. No problem.
We're not out
of the woods yet.
All right, then.
Give me a sweet party
party, party, party
you've got a party
I want a party
who's gonna get
this party started?
Me!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org